引言 我自己真的很喜欢这一篇论文，我始终认为AI or CS is not sth about just ignore the great part of the human being. I think tech should be the great tool for 
us to pursue the great beyond.

Acutually I just post all the abstract here.
Social networking sites (SNSs) such as Facebook have a potential to become a valuable learning environment. 
Facebook games with appropriate instructional design may provide players with better learning experiences and outcomes. 
Using an effective educational Facebook game, we aimed to explore the educational effects of Facebook games as self-directed e-learning environments. 
这里我有点好奇，这个自我指导式的e学习环境，就是指SNS上借助游戏学习？？
We tested our hypotheses on a sample of 73 undergraduates (42 females). 
The participants completed the Facebook game and self-administered questionnaires over a 3-week period. 
Path analysis demonstrated that Internet self-efficacy, usability, and fun positively affected perceived learning effectiveness and user satisfaction 
in a Facebook learning environment. 
We discussed the research and practical implications of these findings for the future development of self-directed e-learning on SNS.
也就是研究的意义，在于我们如何促进未来在这种SNS平台上，e学习环境的构建。其实这一点，真的是互联网时代一个非常重要的发展点，互联网的存在是提供了一个平台，让人们
不经意之间留下自己的数据，比如对于xx的爱憎，偏好，最近可能有什么打算，是否生病等等。所以，数据分析挖掘就很重要，这一块让我想到，我一直想做的，就是让“文艺”去中心化，
如果更好的话就是能够实现一个良性互动的平台。我认为娱乐是现在社会塑造人格的一个重要途径，远胜于其他（不过这里其实还是最好加一些数据。不然太武断。）

Facebook applications; Social networking site; e-Learning; Selfdirected learning; Digital game-based learning
His current research interests include web mining, business analytics, social media, electronic commerce, and security informatics.

only one study investigated the educational usage of Facebook applications只有一篇文章调查facebook在教育上的应用
On the other hand, the educational usage of Facebook application remains unexplored in 
literature. Since developing educational Facebook applications involves programming
such as using the Facebook application programming interface, using an already
available Facebook group is much more convenient and popular than programming a Facebook application for most educators.
这里将fb的教育方面的使用为什么还大多处于一种unexplored的态度进行了解释。用现成的更方便。

For example, many adolescents spend much time growing crops in Happy Farm and feeding pets in Pet Society on Facebook.开心农场&养宠物

The Facebook game in the study is different from previous DGBL because the Facebook 
game also facilitated interactions among learners

Nowadays, young people are “digital natives” who prefer games over “serious” work (Prensky, 2003).原来这么早就已经出现这种类似研究了。
Squire (2003) suggested that games are powerful educational tools because they elicit strong emotional reactions within learners, 
such as fear, power, aggression, wonder, and joy.很有趣的理论。

use, selection, design, and development of educational games to ensure that learning outcomes will be consistent with the learning objectives of 
the games (Dondlinger, 2007). 突然很想找一找相关的游戏来看看，不过我记得steam上面有一款黑客知识教学的游戏？记不清了有一点。

pedagogy教育学

There are different aspects to investigate the learning effectiveness of DGBL, 
such as the learners’ self-efficacy自我效能感 (Gangadharbatla, 2008) and game quality游戏质量 (Hart, Ridley, 
Taher, Sas, & Dix, 2008). 

Simulation, which is one of the most widely used approaches, 这一段感觉说得就是那个黑客游戏，可惜我忘了名字，还没来得及玩。
provides a gamelike environment for learners to practice and acquire professional and 
experimental skills (Chau et al., 2013a; Chau et al., 2013b). Simulations have been shown 
to enhance learners’ problem-solving skills and refine their higher-order thinking 
strategies (Douma, van Hillegersberg, & Schuur, 2012). Besides, narrative can support 
problem solving in adventure games as “players are placed in scenarios in which they 
must synthesize diverse information and analyze strategies” (Dickey, 2006)

The Web 2.0 concept has led to the development and evolution of web-based 所以有没有可能web3.0会提供一种不同的community对于这种娱乐？
communities (Chau & Xu, 2012) and applications such as SNSs, video-sharing sites, 
blogs, forums, Wikis, and highly interactive games. 

Many studies have explored the educational usage of a Facebook group instead of a Facebook application (Manca & Ranieri, 2013). 

However, similar to other elearning approaches, education on Facebook requires learners to have a high level of selfregulation 自律很重要
(Devolder, van Braak, & Tondeur, 2012). Therefore, a Facebook application 
may lead to an evolution of e-learning, with the addition of social gaming concepts to increase learning motivation, 
and become an increasingly relevant trend.

For instance, 
Gameloft teaches American history, poweRBrands teaches business and marketing, and 
InGenius is a brain-training game teaching people how to think (Mack, 2010). However, 
few have evaluated the learning effectiveness and user satisfaction of educational 
Facebook games.
这里提的几个游戏，都想去看看。不过这里也点出，这一篇主要研究的就是前人研究较少的，这个e学习的有效性和用户的满足感。

MODEL PART
The two outcome variables in the model were perceived learning effectiveness and user satisfaction in elearning outcomes 
after completing the Facebook game. 
Perceived learning effectiveness instead of actual learning effectiveness was used in the study, allowing generalization of 
our findings to other e-learning practices on Facebook applications. 这里有疑惑？为什么用perceived的effectiveness就能够实现generalization？

Model -1
Internet self-efficacy reflects one’s judgment of his/her ability to apply Internet skills, 
such as finding information or troubleshooting search problems on the Internet. 
H1a: Individuals who have a higher level of Internet self-efficacy will learn more effectively in the Facebook game.
H1b: Individuals who have a higher level of Internet self-efficacy will be more satisfied with the Facebook game.

Model -2
We define usability as the ease of use and learnability of the Facebook game. 
Usability in Facebook plays a new role compared to its traditional function (Hart et al., 2008).
Besides, user satisfaction was jointly determined by perceived usability, perceived quality, perceived value, and usability disconfirmation (Chiu, Hsu, Sun, Lin, & Sun, 2005). 
H2a: Individuals who consider the Facebook game to have better usability will learn more effectively.
H2b: Individuals who consider the Facebook game to have better usability will be more satisfied with the Facebook game.

Prior experience may facilitate one’s control of an educational tool.  Few studies have investigated the relationship between usability and Internet 
self-efficacy in the context of Facebook.
H3: Individuals who have a higher level of Internet self-efficacy will consider the Facebook game to have better usability.

Model -3
In the study, we defined fun as playfulness and emotional reactions of enjoyment and excitement (Hart et al., 2008).
Designing for fun can make interactive gaming elements change human behaviors and hence facilitate learning processes. Few 
studies have examined the association between fun, learners’ satisfaction, and learning effectiveness in education on Facebook. 

H4a: Individuals who have more fun in the Facebook game will learn more effectively in the Facebook game.
H4b: Individuals who have more fun in the Facebook game will be more satisfied with the Facebook game.

Participants may have more fun and enjoy the gaming element of the environment if they can easily and comfortably manipulate the Facebook game.
H5: Individuals who consider the Facebook game to have better usability will have a higher level of fun in the Facebook game.

METHODS
-1
An invitation e-mail was sent to all undergraduate and postgraduate students (N=22,260) 
at a university in Hong Kong, inviting them to participate in the current study. The 
sample included undergraduate students (N=73; 42 females; mean age=20.82; SD=1.81) 
who were existing Facebook users.

-2
Game and instructional design
(a) identifying stressors and how to handle stress, 
(b) understanding the relationship between stress and coping and the consequence(s) of 
depression, 
(c) understanding goal-directed thinking, 
(d) affirming existing strengths and acknowledging the concept of “self,” 
(e) cognitive restructuring, 
(f) advanced cognitive restructuring, 
(g) understanding other people’s feelings, 
(h) communication skills, 
(i) conflict resolution (based on a problem-solving approach), and (j) anger management (Wong et al., 2012). 
Players could determine the order of the missions. Some missions, however, were more challenging or required knowledge learned from other missions. 
Those missions were locked until prerequisite missions were completed.

When there was no energy left, the player could not advance the plot until the energy was recovered to prevent ineffective 
learning. Fig. 4 shows the view of Ching Ching’s energy bar that the gamers saw. 
If Ching Ching used too much of her energy, this bar would drop to zero, and she would need sleep.

We navigated the players’ attention to several important concepts. 
For instance, Ching Ching was able to move around in different maps and complete missions by talking to nonplayer characters. 
Questions in these conversations were used to highlight important concepts (see Fig. 5). 
By exploring different places and objects and playing various mini-games (see Fig. 6), players could also practice the skills repeatedly.
The level system recorded the level and skills of the player. 
The record was shared among the player’s friends who had also joined the game, establishing a leader board to create competition and motivation.

-4 instruments
A web-based questionnaire that assessed demographic information and feedback with closed and open-ended questions was self-administered after a 3-week study period. 
The questionnaire first queried participants on gender, age, and Facebook ID. 
The feedback questionnaire consisted of close-ended questions on a 7-point Likert scale (1=strongly disagree, 7=strongly agree) in five aspects: 
(a) perceived learning effectiveness, 
(b) user satisfaction, 
(c) usability, 
(d) fun, and 
(e) Internet self-efficacy. 
For (a), (b), (c), and (e), the questions were modified from existing scales of learning and understanding (Foster et al., 2011), user satisfaction (Chin, Diehl, & Norman, 1988), usability (Chiu et al., 2005), 
and Internet self-efficacy (Eastin & LaRose, 2000), respectively. 
The questions for (d) were self-constructed. 
In the open-ended portion of the questionnaire, participants provided their comments and views of the online and social network DGBL.
有必选的和开放回答的。

We used structural equation modeling (SEM) implemented in partial least squares (PLS) for data analyses. 
PLS is a second-generation regression method combining confirmatory factor analysis with linear regression, allowing us to simultaneously run measurement 
and structural models. 
The program used for the analysis was SmartPLS version 2.0.M3 (Ringle, Wende, & Will, 2005).

RESULTS
-1
Table 1 summarizes the results of our measurement model, and Table 2 shows the intercorrelations with square roots of 
Average Variances Extracted (AVEs) on the diagonal. 
Our results demonstrated satisfactory item reliability, internal consistency, 
convergent validity, and discriminant validity for all constructs in accordance with the 
following conditions (Chin, 1998):
我们的结果证明了在以下情况下令人满意的项目可靠性、内部一致性、所有构念的收敛效度和区分效度：
(a) items’ factor loadings on corresponding constructs were higher than 0.7, showing acceptable item reliability; 
(b) Cronbach’s alpha and composite reliability were greater than 0.7, showing acceptable internal consistency; 
(c) the AVE of each construct was higher than 0.5, indicating satisfactory convergent validity; and 
(d) the square root of the AVE of each construct was higher than its intercorrelation with other constructs, 
providing evidence for adequate 
discriminant validity.

-2 structural model
As shown in Fig. 7, the model accounted for 14% of the variance in U, 
35% of the variance in F, 
41% of the variance in perceived learning effectiveness, 
and 72% of the variance in user satisfaction. 

Six of the research hypotheses were supported. 
Fun was a significant antecedent of both perceived learning effectiveness and user satisfaction, which supported H4a and H4b. 
Internet self-efficacy, however, was significantly related to perceived learning effectiveness, but not user satisfaction.
Thus, H1a was supported, whereas H1b was not. 
In contrast, usability was significantly associated with user satisfaction, but not perceived learning effectiveness; 
H2a was not supported, but H2b was supported.

Moreover, the direct relationship between Internet self-efficacy and usability was significant, supporting H3. 
The direct relationship between usability and fun was also significant, supporting H5. 

In addition, two factors, age and gender, were introduced as controls on perceived learning effectiveness and user satisfaction but were not significant.
