摘要：In a hacker forum and constructs four user profiles based on the observed behavior patterns.我认为这种结合数据，来为论坛中用户划分profile的过程，
本质上很类似于project里面，结合用户的数据，来对用户进行segmentation。这一类在零售公司里很常见，但似乎在网络和论坛用户中少见，我希望能够研究一下小说和文娱方面的用户
segmentation。
文章分类的四种hacker：guru hackers, casual hackers, learning hackers, and novice hackers

Guru hackers are knowledgeable and respectable. They usually share ideas and advice with others. 第一层级，给建议。
Casual hackers tend to act as observers. They can be skilled hackers who show interest mainly in deriving usable information from the 
forum. 第二层级，观察整合。
Learning hackers are also expert hackers who utilize the forum basically for learning. They actively seek knowledge and tend to share more of it over
time. 第三层级 学习者
Novice hackers are new learners who typically join the forum for a short period. 第四层级 过客。
【这里放到娱乐的社群也是一样的概念：第一层 创作者。第二层 各类bot整合推广。第三层 热爱者。第四层 随便看看。】
Overall, it is found that hacker communities very much represent learning communities where meritocracy(精英体制？感觉更像是一种等级) is in place.

Hacker . Hacker profile . Knowledge transfer .Online learning . Hacker ecosystem

Studies have found that acquiring knowledge is a primary motivation many individuals to engage in hacking. 
All this suggests that knowledge transfer in the form of knowledge provision or knowledge seeking plays an important role in identifying hackers.
这里对于展示论文研究原因的部分，很值得重视。承上启下，点名因为hack让大家遭受日益损失，那么我们就需要一些特征帮助我们有效识别hacker。这里点出来，知识的传递是重点。

By contrast, most available hacker categorizations in the literature are based essentially on skills, intentions and motivations 
(Rogers 2006; Barber 2001; Pipkin 2003). 
As a result, the classifications have painted rather static pictures, 
where a hacker is someone possessing certain skillsets with either malicious or benign intentions.
现有的研究对于黑客的分类太僵化，黑客就是技能 +善意/恶意。

In this study, we seek to extend previous works by incorporating the knowledge transfer aspect into hacker classification.此处展示本篇文的提升之处。
One of our main questions concerned whether a given hacker forum was indeed a place where junior hackers could acquire skill sets necessary
for climbing up the membership ladder and become skilled hackers (Smith and Rupp 2002). 
这里他们关注的问题很有意思，为什么要关心这个forum是否真的能够帮助初学者获得足够的知识呢？
不过文章这里提及，作者还检验是否有guru hacker的存在，确保这个假设的四类存在，并且能够构成一个完整的生态系统。

we could construct more complete profiles of hacker behaviors through the lens of “dynamic” knowledge exchanges seen invariably in online communities.
我们刻意借助这个“动态的论坛系统”来观察线上社区中，实时存在的知识交换。这种依托于线上社区的“交换数据”能够更好地帮助我们构造用户的profile.
【这里给我一个很好的idea，其实很多娱乐，更多的数据是埋藏在评论和互动中，所以这里情感分析其实对于用户的划分更有作用。】

Some of these studies have come up with a variety of frameworks suitable for mining and identifying expert contributors
in online forums (e.g., Liu et al. 2012). 
However, so far, none seems to have analyzed the particular type of learning involved in hacking.

For instance, during knowledge transfer, guru hackers act as knowledge providers by answering questions. 
They also tend to stay longer in the forums. 
Learner hackers seek to acquire knowledge continuously and, over time, become more and more inclined to answer questions. 
This suggests a dynamic scenario—knowledge transfer behaviors change continuously as knowledge is accumulated.
一种动态！

It is now generally recognized that we need to know much more than just about the techniques of fighting hackers;
a better understanding of basic hacker behaviors is also critical.知己知彼百战不殆，也就是说比起从技术上克服，不如提前从源头上阻断，提前检查出。
Unlike prior studies on hackers which mainly examined hackers based on small
sample interviews or surveys (Rogers 2006; Sarma and Lam
2013; Barber 2001), our study is the first to use online data to
examine the knowledge transfer aspects of hackers. 不是基于调查问卷，而是更真实的线上数据，动态的“知识传递”。

The following sections are organized as follows. In Section 2, we briefly introduce important related literature. 
In Section 3, we summarize the characteristics of our dataset.
In Section 4, we explain the methodology we used to construct user profiles—a multistep process involving message orientations, user knowledge transfer patterns, and, eventually, user profile constructions. 这部分很重要，methodology，也就是如何理解knowledge的转变模式。
In Section 5, we discuss different user profiles derivable on the basis of our dataset. 
Finally, Section 6 summarizes our conclusion.

PART 2 related works
The present work continues this trend by seeking to understand hacker behaviors in online communities.【真的有点神奇，我会以为主要集中技术，没想到已经在理解hacker的行为了。】
For a knowledge sharing community to thrive, both knowledge provision and knowledge acquisition incentives have to be present (Phang et al. 2009). 这里点出的是community的存在的前提。
Our work classifies hacker types by making use of both components of knowledge sharing: knowledge contribution and knowledge acquisition.本文用的是knowledge contribution and knowledge acquisition.

Reputation promotion (Wasko and Faraj 2005), identity confirmation or iden tity verification (Ma and Agarwal 2007), perceived belonging to a community or identity bond (Shih and Huang 2012), enhancing personal professional status (Hall and Graham 2004), reciprocity relationships (Bock et al. 2005) are among the motivations found to be behind users’ knowledge contributions. 【以上这些感觉都很值得一读，讲的应该都是这种网络参与社群行为的驱动分析】

on the basis of their knowledge sharing patterns and the corresponding forum evolution pattern.而本文基于用户的sharing pattern和论坛的evolution pattern。
【很重要，这里用了NLP技术，我就很想在做娱乐用户定位分析时，将NLP技术应用进来。】
We use text-mining techniques to understand the knowledge sharing orientation of online posts.

The knowledge transferred in our forum exhibits two types of knowledge exchanges: knowledge provision and knowledge acquisition.

As knowledge has been found to be a critical element in hacking activities (Sarma and Lam 2013; Jordan and Taylor 1998; Holt and Kilger 2008), our hacker classification does not focus on hacker intentions but rather on the knowledge transfer patterns observed and the reputation levels of the hackers. 比起hacker的意图，更在意知识传播的模式和名声等级。
其实本质上就是看她们是输出还是获取。

Holt and Kilger (2008) distinguished between hackers who pro duce hacking knowledge and hacking tools/materials (makecrafters) and hackers who consume hacking knowledge and hacking tools/materials (techcrafters).这里有点消费和供给的意思啊。

in contrast to many previous studies, we seek to understand a larger field—hacker behav iors—from the knowledge transfer perspective. Thus, the present study contributes to the broader field that aims to understand hacker behaviors.理解hacker的行为。





